---
layout: post
title:  "Journal"
date:   2018-05-30 12:11:35 +0800
categories: Journal
---

My favorite NBA player was Jason Kidd, who retired in 2013(cannot believe it’s been 5 years). If I use one word to describe, it would be smart. He’s not that strong, not fast, not good at shooting(in early ages) but now he’s in basketball hall of fame and regarded as one of the best point guard in NBA history. In my opinion, he is like the kind of person a normal guy could possibly be in the luckiest scenario. I understand that as an NBA player he’s talent is at the top 0.01% among all human beings. I meant in NBA level it’s normal. In his second time Dallas experience, he acted like any untalented NBA player could be, passed the ball to the star or any open teammate, tried hard to defend, and knocked down those open shots.

In recent years, 3D player is more and more. 3 means 3-pointer shooting and D means defense. There are tons of this kind of player since both these skills requires practice more than talent. Although I do like Stephen Curry a lot, Klay Thompson is now my favorite NBA player who’s still playing. He’s the limit of 3D and maybe the best of his kind in the league. Every time he’s on court, he gives it all with endless running, tight defending, and accurate shooting. When lucky, he can score a lot too. I wish in my career, I could be this kind of person. Hard work will be my thing and there might be, if lucky, some moments of mine.

Game 7 of Western Conference Final ended with the victory of Warriors. Stephen Curry was amazing as always, started a storm in 3rd quarter and Kevin Durant finished the game with his steady mid-range shots. It was a great season for Rockets, with Christ Paul they did have great chance in wining the title especially since teams in Eastern Conference meeting all kinds of problems. It was a shame that Paul got injured in Game 5, but injury is always a part of competitive sport. Even e-sports players suffer from injury. Paul is not young, but his play style might give him some more years to try. Good luck next season. The referees did not perform well in the game. I don’t think they gave advantages to Warriors but their judgement standards did change during the game. They maybe did have the same line for both teams, but the line should be held still instead of moving it in different quarters. In the first half, some not-so-tight body contact was called foul so both teams tried to attack in the paint area. (I got to say Stephen Curry should get a lot lot more foul than he actually got). But in the second half, body contact was encouraged since they were not called foul so both teams tried to shoot more. However the devastating shooting performance of Rockets cost them the game. Indeed, in both half the referee did not prefer any single team much, but the change of rhythm should not appear at this stage. But I guess it’s not a big deal since the referee performance in Finals in the last 2 years.