---
layout: post
title:  "Journal"
date:   2018-05-28 14:36:55 +0800
categories: Journal
---

The grand finale of UEFA Champions League came to an end and Real Madrid won their 13th champion, 4th champion in 5 years and 3rd of their consecutive wins. It was a great achievement of course, but the performance of some player was unworthy for such a great stage.

Liverpool had a good start. It was their move to strike first since they were the underdog playing attacking style football and tried to use effort to cover the strength between the two teams. They had some dangerous attack but the game was ended at 30th minute when Salah got injured in a contact with Ramos. In my opinion, Ramos was not intended to hurt Salah but sad as it was, he got injured.

With Salah out of the picture, almost no one would believed Liverpool have any chance. But the first goal was kinda funny. Liverpool goalkeeper Karius made a atrocious error of handling the ball directly to Benzema. That should not happen in any pro game and especially at this stage.

Liverpool player soon got a goal back from Mané, but soon Bale scored with an amazing bicycle kick. It was much like Ronaldo’s strike against Juventus and they both took place in 63th place. That might be Zidane’s super power.
After that, Bale tried a long distance strike which usually would not be a treat and Karius made another mistake. This day just did not belong to him.

I also watched 7th game of NBA East Conference Final today. I’ll maybe write about it tomorrow.