---
layout: post
title:  "Journal"
date:   2018-05-25 14:42:19 +0800
categories: Journal
---

NBA Conference Finals continues. Celtics is leading the series 3-2 agains Cavaliers and Rockets is leading the series 3-2 agains Warriors.

It’s been almost 4 years since the first time this Warriors team won NBA championship and starts the era of small basketball. Now people understand how to play and how to play against this kind of style.

The 5 small line-up, with Curry, Thompson, Green, Durant and Iguodala, which does not has any traditional center. The greatest advantage of this line up is in defense end where they can always swap face screen. It dominated the league in the past years, but now, strong teams have different ways to deal with it.

For Cavaliers (before this year), their answer is Kyrie Irving and Tristan Thompson and of course their greatest weapon LeBron James. LeBron secures the high bottom of this team. When they got LeBron is on court with 4 shooters, their offensive won’t be a problem due to LeBron’s threat and passing. This is their normal line-up which is not good against 5 small. However with Tristan Thompson, he as a center can move quickly and won’t be a weak point in defense and on offensive end he can grab some rebounds which is important. He is not so good in offense but Kyrie Irving is the solo king. He’s isolation is another key to solve the problem.

For Rockets, they have their own 5 small line-up, with James Harden, Chris Paul, PJ Tucker, Trevor Ariza, and the last slot would be Eric Gordon or Gerald Green. All of them are great shooters. There might be some problem in defending, but through hard work and strong will they manage to deal with it. And if they take out one of them and replace him with Clint Capela, a center like Thompson but have much greater offensive threat, it’s competitive against Warriors.

With the injury of Iguodala, Rockets won 2 consecutive games now and leads the series 3-2. I’m not sure if Iguodala and Paul can play in game 6, but it’s the hardest moments since Durant joins Warriors. To keep the big 4, Warriors has lost some great substitutes like Speights. Their bench points, which used to be one of their greatest weapon, is now one of the weakest in the league. If they want to stay in this series, Steve Kerr has to find a way to control their turnovers and resume their greatest weapon, run and pass. It’s true that more passing means more chances to turn it over, but in isolation Rockets is better.